Content/flowise alternatives (#2008)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/landing-page/content/blog/ai-open-source-tools.mdx

![Flowise Ai](/blog-assets/ai-open-source-tools/flowise-ai.jpg)

> [FlowiseAI](https://typebot.io/blog/flowsise-alternatives) is a game-changer in **large language model (LLM)** application development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FlowiseAI](./flowsise-alternatives.mdx) is a game-changer in **large language model (LLM)** application development.
```
